# Defective Surface Code Adapter

This repository provides a fully automated adapter that employs a bandage-like super-stabilizer for the surface code on a defective lattice.

Paper link: [arXiv:2404:18644](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.18644)

## Install
Install this project locally by:
```
pip install -e .
```
## How to use

We provide scripts that demonstrate a simple example of how to use this project.

[Generate random devices](scripts/sample/gen_device_pool.py)

[Sample stabilizer measurement circuits](scripts/sample/sample_global_shell.py)

[Analyze adapted surface code devices](scripts/analyse/cmp_statistics.py)

[Create and plot the device of FIG. 1](scripts/create_example_device.py)

## File Structure

- `/defective_surface_code_adapter`: Contains the source code of the adapter.
  - `/adapter`: Holds our adapter along with a traditional adapter baseline.
  - `/analyzer`: Provides functionality for analyzing adapted surface code devices and obtaining statistics.
  - `/circuit_builder`: Creates stabilizer measurement circuits for the adapted surface code devices.
  - `/device`: Defines the class for adapted surface code devices, allowing for the generation of random devices.
  - `/plot`: Includes plotting utilities for the adapter.
  - `/sampler`: Utilizes the Sinter sampler to simulate stabilizer measurement circuits and obtain results.

- `/manuscript_data`: Contains the data used in the paper.
  - `/defective_devices`: Features the randomly generated defective device lattice used in the paper.
  - `/sample_data/samples`: Contains samples generated by the Sinter sampler as used in the paper.
  - `/sample_data/statistics`: Includes the statistics for the adapted surface code devices mentioned in the paper.

- `/scripts`: Scripts for generating random devices, sampling stabilizer measurement circuits, generating plots for the paper, etc.
  - `/analyse`: Analyzes the properties of random devices.
  - `/plot`: Generates plots used in the paper.
  - `/sample`: Samples stabilizer measurement circuits for each device.
  - `create_example_device.py`: Creates and plots the example device used in the paper.

- `README.md`: This file.


